Connecting the darts, your detective work, find the Cooper connection, your
problem. How do we know which sap entry matches which Cooper action especially
if there are multiple receipts, Your solution. 1 Click the material. Document
number. The 5000 number to open the document details 2, look at the header
text field, your proof, the link, the integration automatically copies, the
original Cooper, gr number into the sap header text. This is like a tiny
GPS tracker, your Cooper, Junior number to your sap record. If anyone ever
asks, where did this sap entry come from? You can easily click and show
them the GPS tracker in the header text? This permanently links the two systems
if you are ever audited. This is your secret weapon to trace the path
back to the origin. Imagine you're a detective. What's the one clue you'd look
for. To connect Cooper and sap.